cups: add page (#11844)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/cups.md

# CUPS

> > Open-source printing system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Open source printing system.
```

> CUPS isn't a command, but a set of commands. See the pages below.
> More information: <https://www.cups.org/index.html>.

> - Show the tldr page for running the CUPS daemon:

Reviewer 2: Not sure why you need to enclose CUPS inside a command here, since CUPS is the project name too (suggestion for minor changes like this it is better to make a comment review than requesting changes). Will fix it in my review covering all examples.

> > CUPS isn't a command, but a set of commands. See the pages below.
> > More information: <https://www.cups.org/index.html>.
> 
> - Show the tldr page for running the `CUPS` daemon:
> 
> `tldr cupsd`
> 
> - Show the tldr page for managing printers:
> 
> `tldr lpadmin`
> 
> - Show the tldr page for printing files:
> 
> `tldr lp`
> 
> - Show the tldr page for seeing status information about the current classes, jobs, and printers:
> 
> `tldr lpstat`
> 
> - Show the tldr page for cancelling print jobs:
> 
> `tldr lprm`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> CUPS isn't a single command, but a set of commands.
> More information: <https://www.cups.org/index.html>.

- View documentation for running the CUPS daemon:

`tldr cupsd`

- View documentation for managing printers:

`tldr lpadmin`

- View documentation for printing files:

`tldr lp`

- View documentation for checking status information about the current classes, jobs, and printers:

`tldr lpstat`

- View documentation for cancelling print jobs:

`tldr lprm`
```
